1
 +33 0 00 00 00 00
 arthur.example@example.com
 /in/arthur-example
 ArthurExample
Arthur Example
Experienced Data Scientist and Python developer , specialized in the application and customization of Large
Language Model (LLM).
Key skills
• Retraining LLM on specifics datasets.
• Expertise in Retrieval-Augment Generation (RAG) techniques: contextual
enhancement.
• Proficiency in API integration for complex LLM applications.
• Development of user-friendly graphical interfaces for LLM applications.
• Advenced data collection and cleaning methodologies for LLM training.
Programming
• Highly advanced: Python (expertise
in NumPy, Pandas, Cython, PyT orch,
Sickit-Learn, Flask, StreamLit, Transformers, HuggingFace, etc).
• Advanced: Shell, VBA, LATEX.
• Moderate: C++, HTML&CSS and JS.
MOOCs
• 2023 - Sequence Models (Natural
Language Processing, Recurent Neural Network, Attention Models and
Transformers), on Coursera
• 2018 - Machine Learning, Stanford
University course, on Coursera.
• And other diverse courses about
Python, Linux, C++, HTML&CSS,
JavaScript, Git, etc.
Interests
• Artificial intelligence: Natural Language Processing (NLP) and timeseries.
• Crypto-currencies/Blockchains.
• Various Open Source projects.
Experiences
Dec. 2022 –
Present
Freelance Data Scientist at LLM Solutions
Operating as a freelance data scientist under the name LLM Solutions, offering AI customization services to businesses. Developed
innovative solutions enabling companies to internally integrate customized LLMs, including model retraining and the use of Retrieval-
Augmented Generation (RAG) techniques on their private data.
Technologies Used: Python, Flask, Streamlit, GPU Computing, RAG
Techniques, LLM Retraining, etc.
Mar. 2020 –
Sep. 2021
Data Scientist Consultant at Coperneec, Paris
For Natixis in Risk Management Department in the Market Stress
Test team: automation of recurrent tasks, R&D on reverse stress test
methodology, fast pricing of products, python package to manage
data across different internal data sources ( SQL, MDX, Hadoop), etc.
Jun. 2018 –
Oct. 2019
Quant Researcher at Napoleon Group, Paris
R&D of trading strategies, portfolio allocation algorithms, multivariate prediction with neural networks, execution order algorithms,
development of backtesting and financial analysis tools, and webscraping data.
Personal projects
2023 – 2024 Customized LLM: HackerNewsGPT project
Objective: Developed solution to enhance technology monitoring by
enabling users to ask real-time questions about the latest articles
from HackerNews.
Role & Contributions: Retraining a LLM using RAG to incorporate the
latest articles for real-time, context-aware question answering. Managed the backend on a GPU server with a Flask API, and developed
a user-friendly web app interface using Streamlit.
2018 – 2019 Machine/deep learning tools adapted to finance
Development of a Python and Cython package to create neural
networks, backtest strategies, analysis with econometric models
and financial indicators, etc. Published on PyPI as fynance.
2016 – 2020 Trading bot algorithms on crypto-currencies
Development and maintenance of trading bots with Python and Bash
scripts. Starting in 2016 with arbitrage strategy, and more recently
create strategies with neural network. Partly available on my GitHub
in the repository Trading_Bot.
Education
2017 – 2018 Master’s Degree Econometrics of Banking and Financial
markets at Aix-Marseille School of Economics , Marseille
Courses: Stochastic finance, financial econometrics, financial engineering, econometrics of exchange rates, neural network, etc.
2013 – 2016 Bachelor’s degree Economics and Management, specialized in Finance at Aix-Marseille University , Marseille
Courses: Time series econometrics, financial markets, statistics,
optimization, informatics (SQL and VBA), etc.
Miscellaneous
2019 Data-science competition at ENS Challenge Data
6th place out of 100+ competitors in a daily US stock market prediction challenge, organized by Capital Fund Management.
Present Hobbies
Cooking, sports (swimming, cycling and running), and DIY projects.
